Feature/timi/android getting started (#593)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/android/v3/getting-started/search.md

<!-- Search -->
{% include "src/shared/getting-started/search/search.md" %}

> Start by creating a new activity or fragment to facilitate searches on your application. Here we will be using a fragment to search and show search results on and using a bottom sheet to show the results. We also create a search input field on our main map activity for the user to put in search text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by creating a new activity or fragment to facilitate searches on your application. Here we will be using a fragment to search and show search results on, and using a bottom sheet to display the results. We also create a search input field on our main map activity for the user to input the text they want to search for.

```

> Both UI component implementations can be found in the getting started app sample.

Reviewer: This should be a link

> To perform a search you will need to have initiated `MapsIndoors`. This was shown in the previous section of the getting started tutorial how you do this.

Reviewer: This should be a link.

> For advanced usage of the search functionality read the Search guide and tutorials connected to it.

Reviewer: This too 🙂

<mi-tabs>
    <mi-tab label="Java" tab-for="java"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab label="Kotlin" tab-for="kotlin"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
void search(String searchQuery) {
    //Query with a string to search on
    MPQuery mpQuery = new MPQuery.Builder().setQuery(searchQuery).build();
    //Filter for the search query, only taking 30 locations
    MPFilter mpFilter = new MPFilter.Builder().setTake(30).build();
    //Query for the locations
    MapsIndoors.getLocationsAsync(mpQuery, mpFilter, (list, miError) -> {
      //Implement UI handling of the search result here
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
fun search(searchQuery: String) {
    val mpQuery = MPQuery.Builder().setQuery(searchQuery).build()
    val mpFilter = MPFilter.Builder().setTake(30).build()
    MapsIndoors.getLocationsAsync(mpQuery, mpFilter) { locations, miError ->
        //Implement UI handling of the search result here
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> To start by being able to search. We need a text input field where a user can write what he wants to search for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to search we need a text input field where a user can write what they want to search for.

```

Never "he", always "they". It reads the same but is better.

        return true;
    }
    return false;
});
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
class SearchFragment : Fragment() {
    private lateinit var mLocations: List<MPLocation>
    private lateinit var mMapActivity: MapsActivity
    override fun onCreateView(inflater: LayoutInflater, container: ViewGroup?, savedInstanceState: Bundle?): View? {
        return inflater.inflate(R.layout.fragment_search_dialog_list_dialog, container, false)
    }
    override fun onViewCreated(view: View, savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
        val recyclerView = view as RecyclerView
        recyclerView.layoutManager = LinearLayoutManager(context)
        recyclerView.adapter = SearchItemAdapter(mLocations, mMapActivity)
    }
    companion object {
        fun newInstance(locations: List<MPLocation>, mapsActivity: MapsActivity): SearchFragment {
            val fragment = SearchFragment()
            fragment.mLocations = locations
            fragment.mMapActivity = mapsActivity
            return fragment
        }
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> To Accompany this we'll create a fragment and a BottomSheet to handle the searchFragment.
> Start by creating a Fragment with a view only consisting of a Recycler View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accompany this we'll create a fragment and a `BottomSheet` to handle the `searchFragment`.

Start by creating a fragment with a view-only consisting of a `RecyclerView`.
```

        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
class SearchFragment : Fragment() {
    private lateinit var mLocations: List<MPLocation>
    private lateinit var mMapActivity: MapsActivity
    override fun onCreateView(inflater: LayoutInflater, container: ViewGroup?, savedInstanceState: Bundle?): View? {
        return inflater.inflate(R.layout.fragment_search_dialog_list_dialog, container, false)
    }
    override fun onViewCreated(view: View, savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
        val recyclerView = view as RecyclerView
        recyclerView.layoutManager = LinearLayoutManager(context)
        recyclerView.adapter = SearchItemAdapter(mLocations, mMapActivity)
    }
    companion object {
        fun newInstance(locations: List<MPLocation>, mapsActivity: MapsActivity): SearchFragment {
            val fragment = SearchFragment()
            fragment.mLocations = locations
            fragment.mMapActivity = mapsActivity
            return fragment
        }
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> Create an RecyclerView adapter and the accompanying Viewholder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `RecyclerView` adapter and the accompanying `Viewholder`:
```

            if (locationDisplayRule != null && locationDisplayRule.icon != null) {
                mMapActivity.runOnUiThread({ holder.imageView.setImageBitmap(locationDisplayRule.icon) })
            }else {
                //Location does not have a special displayRule using type Display rule
                val typeDisplayRule: LocationDisplayRule = mMapActivity.getMapControl().getDisplayRule(mLocations[position].type)
                if (typeDisplayRule != null) {
                    mMapActivity.runOnUiThread({ holder.imageView.setImageBitmap(typeDisplayRule.icon) })
                }
            }
        }
    }
    override fun getItemCount(): Int {
        return mLocations.size
    }
}
internal class ViewHolder(inflater: LayoutInflater, parent: ViewGroup?) :
    RecyclerView.ViewHolder(inflater.inflate(R.layout.fragment_search__list_item, parent, false)) {
    val text: TextView
    val imageView: ImageView
    init {
        text = itemView.findViewById(R.id.text)
        imageView = itemView.findViewById(R.id.location_image)
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> Implement a BottomSheet to the bottom of your MapsActivity Layout. The root of the view should be a CoordinatorLayout. You can find the full xml layout on **Link to the github sample with the full view**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement a `BottomSheet` to the bottom of your `MapsActivity` layout. The root of the view should be a `CoordinatorLayout`. You can find the full xml layout on **Link to the github sample with the full view**
```

```xml
    <FrameLayout
        android:id="@+id/standardBottomSheet"
        android:layout_width="wrap_content"
        android:layout_height="wrap_content"
        android:clickable="true"
        style="?attr/bottomSheetStyle"
        android:background="@drawable/card_shape_bottom"
        app:layout_behavior="com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior"
        app:behavior_hideable="true"
        android:focusable="true">
    </FrameLayout>
```

> Now add the search fragment to the bottomSheet in the search query method on your MapsActivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now add the search fragment to the `bottomSheet` in the search query method on your `MapsActivity`.
```

`bottomSheet` or `BottomSheet`? There are both versions in the text.

Author: Should be upper case.

            //Calling displaySearch results on the ui thread as camera movement is involved
            runOnUiThread(()-> {
                mMapControl.displaySearchResults(list, true);
            });
        }
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
fun search(searchQuery: String) {
    val mpQuery = MPQuery.Builder().setQuery(searchQuery).build()
    val mpFilter = MPFilter.Builder().setTake(30).build()
    MapsIndoors.getLocationsAsync(mpQuery, mpFilter) { locations, miError ->
        locations?.let { locationList ->
                supportFragmentManager.beginTransaction().replace(R.id.standardBottomSheet, SearchFragment.newInstance(locationList, this)).commit()
                //Check if the bottom sheet is hidden.
                if (btmnSheetBehavior.getState() == BottomSheetBehavior.STATE_HIDDEN) {
                    btmnSheetBehavior.setState(BottomSheetBehavior.STATE_COLLAPSED);
                }
            }
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

<!-- Filter map -->
{% include "src/shared/getting-started/search/filter-map.md" %}

> When getting a search result you might want to only show thoose search results on the map. You can do this through calling `displaySearchResults(List<MPLocation> locations)` on `MapControl`. This method has different parameters to make it easier for you as a developer to fit your exact need in terms of animation and more. This can be read in the JavaDoc of `MapControl`. The standard implementation animates the camera to fit all locations on the map and shows the info window of a location if its a list of only 1 Location. When you are done showing the different search results you can call `clearMap()` on `MapControl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When getting a search result, you might want to only show those search results on the map. You can do this through calling `displaySearchResults(List<MPLocation> locations)` on `MapControl`. This method has different parameters to make it easier for you as a developer to fit your exact need in terms of animation and more. This can be read in the [JavaDoc of `MapControl`](https://instert-link-here.tim). 

The standard implementation animates the camera to fit all Locations on the map and show the info window of a Location, if it's a list of only one Location. 

When you are done showing the search results you can call `clearMap()` on `MapControl`.
```

I hope you find the Easter egg above or we'll have a 404 on our hands 😉

<mi-tabs>
    <mi-tab label="Java" tab-for="java"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab label="Kotlin" tab-for="kotlin"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
mMapControl.displaySearchResults(locationList);
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
mMapControl.displaySearchResults(locationList)
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> The accompanying ui and implementation of this search experience can be found in the getting started app sample. Found on github: TODO, CREATE GITHUB SAMPLE PAGE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accompanying UI and implementation of this search experience can be found in the getting started app sample. Found on github: TODO, CREATE GITHUB SAMPLE PAGE.
```
